doc/development_documentation.md, before:

# File Sorter

## Final Goal

Have a program that receives a directory and can access to a set of rules it will use to sort the dir

I want the rules to have some sort of syntax

I also want to try to learn a new programming language, I have chosen ~~Rust~~ Python. I'm not actually new to Python, but I wanted to try out functional prgramming and doing that whilst learning a new language seemed a little bit overwhelming

I would also like it to be able to download it as a "zsh_package"? Not sure if that is a thing, but we will see

## Development Logs

### 18/11/22

- Created this file and defined the first goals
- Set up "Hello World"

### 20/11/22

- Switch from Rust to Python
- Setup Python
- [Project Structure](https://docs.python-guide.org/writing/structure/)

#### Immediate Goals

- [ ] Create a argument parser (Console Arguments)
- [ ] Create a test for this
- [ ] Use and read about Logging
- [x] Make a scrpit to create this dev logs

#### Questions

- **Should I create a virtual env?**
  - *Insert Answer here*

#### Useful info

- [Testing](https://docs.python-guide.org/writing/tests/)

### 21/11/22

- New Dev Log entry script
- Created a make file and rule for entrying a new dev log

#### Immediate Goals - 21/11/22

- [ ] *Insert future goals/problems to solve here*

#### Questions - 21/11/22

- **Insert your questions here**
  - *Insert Answer here or leave it like this :p*

#### Useful info - 21/11/22

- [Logging](https://www.toptal.com/python/in-depth-python-logging)
- [Good Practices](https://www.toptal.com/python/top-10-mistakes-that-python-programmers-make)

Commit message:

master -> Make run | Update dev logs | get_logger

doc/development_documentation.md, after:

# File Sorter

## Final Goal

Have a program that receives a directory and can access to a set of rules it will use to sort the dir

I want the rules to have some sort of syntax

I also want to try to learn a new programming language, I have chosen ~~Rust~~ Python. I'm not actually new to Python, but I wanted to try out functional prgramming and doing that whilst learning a new language seemed a little bit overwhelming

I would also like it to be able to download it as a "zsh_package"? Not sure if that is a thing, but we will see

## Development Logs

### 18/11/22

- Created this file and defined the first goals
- Set up "Hello World"

### 20/11/22

- Switch from Rust to Python
- Setup Python
- [Project Structure](https://docs.python-guide.org/writing/structure/)

#### Immediate Goals

- [ ] Create a argument parser (Console Arguments)
- [ ] Create a test for this
- [ ] Use and read about Logging
- [x] Make a scrpit to create this dev logs

#### Questions

- **Should I create a virtual env?**
  - *Insert Answer here*

#### Useful info

- [Testing](https://docs.python-guide.org/writing/tests/)

### 21/11/22

- New Dev Log entry script
- Created a make file and rule for entrying a new dev log
- Create configs
- Created a log creation file

#### Immediate Goals - 21/11/22

- [ ] *Insert future goals/problems to solve here*

#### Questions - 21/11/22

- **Is this the correct way of implementing functional programming and using configurations?**
  - If I end up having modules inside modules inside modules, all of them need to keep accessing the configs so they can create a logger. Which means the configuration object will have to go DEEP. Maybe that isnt so bad. We will see...
  - I can also try to create the get_logger as a decorator? not sure if that would work, have to read up on decorators a bit more
  - *Insert Answer here or leave it like this :p*

#### Useful info - 21/11/22

- [Logging](https://www.toptal.com/python/in-depth-python-logging)
- [Good Practices](https://www.toptal.com/python/top-10-mistakes-that-python-programmers-make)
